[ADD] events: add documentation (#702)
odoo/documentation-user: events/overview/track_attendees.rst

====================
Track your Attendees
====================

Attendees are at the heart of your event. Keeping track of their number and being able to manage

> their registration and attendance is necessary for planning and analyzes reasons.

Reviewer: Attendees are at the heart of your event. Keeping track of their number and managing their registration and attendance is necessary for planning and analyzing reasons.

====================
Track your Attendees
====================

> Attendees are at the heart of your event. Keeping track of its number and being able to manage their
> registration and attendance is necessary for planning and analyses reasons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Attendees are the heart of your event. Keeping track of their number and being able to manage their
registration and attendance is necessary for planning and analyzes reasons.
```

Attendees list and attendance
=============================

> | Once attendees have registered or bought their tickets, they are soon added to the *Attendees*
>   list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Once attendees have registered or bought their tickets, they are added to the *Attendees*
  list.
```
